README.md, before:

# Shoe3D Boilerplate

Framework i use to make WebGL games. Utilizes three.js for rendering and SPE.js for GPU-powered particles.


## Features

* Unity-like GameObject-Component system
* Support for GPU-accelerated particle systems
* Uses SoundJS for sounds/music playback
* Support for 2D/UI rendering (unlike three.js)
* Easy work with keyboard/mouse/touch input
* Automatic assets management
    * Framework is smart enough to load blender-exported Three.js objects/geometries as objects/geometries (not just a raw json file)
    * Support for multiple resource types of the same asset: framework loads texture.webp only if supported by browser, texture.png otherwise. Same with sound formats

## API

_...WIP..._

## Example games

#### [3D Solitaire](https://play.famobi.com/3d-solitaire)
![](http://shodiev.ru/img/games/solitaire.jpg)

#### [Juggle Town](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-AoEeA231w&feature=youtu.be)
![](http://shodiev.ru/games/juggletown/thumb.png)

#### [Endless Hallway](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS5KA8Joz70)
![](http://shodiev.ru/games/endlesshallway/thumb.png)


## Credits
Special thanks to the creator of Flambe, Bruno Garcia.


## TODO
- [ ] Implement index.html tags autoreplace (i.e. <%%shoe3d_game_name%%> to what defined in build.hxml)
- [ ] Fix double loading of the same texture, when shoe3d_allow_textures (maybe get it from three.js internal cache?)
- [ ] Add batching for 2D layers
- [ ] Add webp encoding for jpeg/png
    - [x] Encoding itself
    - [ ] Replace png/jpg image urls in threejs object json files (can't just replace -- what if webp is not supported in browser?)

Commit message:

Now threejs object loader loads webp version of images when supported by browser(urls are replaced before loading in runtime)

README.md, after:

# Shoe3D Boilerplate

Framework I use to develop WebGL games with Haxe. 
Utilizes three.js for rendering, SPE.js for GPU-powered particles, SoundJS for playback and Gulp for various tasks.


## Features

* Unity-like GameObject-Component system
* Support for GPU-accelerated particle systems
* Uses SoundJS for sounds/music playback
* Support for 2D/UI rendering (unlike three.js)
* Easy work with keyboard/mouse/touch input
* Automatic assets management
    * Framework is smart enough to load blender-exported Three.js objects/geometries as objects/geometries
    * Support for multiple resource types of the same asset: for instance, framework loads texture.webp only if supported by browser, texture.png otherwise. Same with sound formats

## How to use

1) Clone this repo: `https://github.com/flerokoo/Shoe3D-Boilerplate-Code.git` 
2) Build the game: `gulp build [--release]`
3) Test the game: `gulp serve`

Check build.hxml for framework/compiler configuration.
Use `gulp help` to know what more you can do.

## Project structure

Folders you could be interested in:
`assets/` — All assets should go here. Direct children of this folder are considered as assetpacks
`build/` — Folder with last build of the game
`scripts/` — Various useful scripts that could help in development process
`web/` — Static resources go here
`src/` — Your code
`build.hxml` — Build configuration for Haxe compiler. Edit this to add libraries/classpaths/additional flags. Framework configuration is performed from here too.


## API

_...WIP..._

## Example games

#### [3D Solitaire](https://play.famobi.com/3d-solitaire)
![](http://shodiev.ru/img/games/solitaire.jpg)

#### [Juggle Town](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-AoEeA231w&feature=youtu.be)
![](http://shodiev.ru/games/juggletown/thumb.png)

#### [Endless Hallway](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS5KA8Joz70)
![](http://shodiev.ru/games/endlesshallway/thumb.png)


## Credits
Special thanks to the creator of Flambe, Bruno Garcia.


## TODO
- [ ] Implement index.html tags autoreplace (i.e. <%%shoe3d_game_name%%> to what defined in build.hxml)
- [ ] Fix double loading of the same texture, when shoe3d_allow_textures (maybe get it from three.js internal cache?)
- [ ] Add batching for 2D layers
- [ ] Add webp encoding for jpeg/png (for size reduction)
    - [x] Encoding itself
    - [x] Replace png/jpg image urls in threejs object json files (now replacing links before loading (in runtime) only if webp is supported -- assuming that webp version exists when shoe3d_generate_webp flag is enabled)
